Add functional spec for optional feature control enhancement (#487)
Azure/SONiC: doc/Optional-Feature-Control.md

> # SONiC Optional Feature Control Enhancement#

Reviewer: Delete trailing `#` or add a space before it

Author: added space

## Revision ##

| Rev | Date     | Author      | Change Description |
|:---:|:--------:|:-----------:|--------------------|
| 0.1 | 10/10/19 | Pradnya Mohite | Initial version    |

## Scope ##

> Add support to enable/disable features in sonic. Features like telemtry agent can be optional and this enhancement will provide way to control that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to enable/disable features in sonic. Features like telemetry agent can be optional and this enhancement will provide way to control that.
```

Author: updated

### Implementation Details ###
* Add feature table in config db.  
  * Modify sonic-cfggen tool to add table and enable the telemetry feature by default.  

>   * For each feature, key is FEATURE|feature name, status :on/off.  

Reviewer: Change status values from "on/off" to "enabled/disabled"

Author: updated

* Add "config feature enable|disable [feature name]" command line.  
  * Add support for show and config commands.  

> * Add feature watch in hostcfgd to watch config db entry, and start & enable or stop & disable the service.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add feature in hostcfgd to listen for Config DB FEATURE table entry changes, and enable & start or stop & disable the respective service as appropriate.
```

Author: updated

>   * When hostcfgd first start, it reads all entries in the FEATURE table and compare with current service status, if there is mismatch, hostcfgd will start/stop the service.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When hostcfgd first starts, it reads all entries in the FEATURE table and compares with current status of each service. If there is mismatch, hostcfgd will enable & start or stop & disable as appropriate. 
```

Author: updated

>   * hostcfgd also dynamically listen to the FEATURE table and change the service status based on the config db change.  

Reviewer: This line seems redundant with line 18. Remove?

Author: removed
